---
layout: post
permalink: covid-19
title:  "Our Safety Response"
date:   2020-03-17 06:06:53 -0400
image: https://source.unsplash.com/cI5KB6XF-EI/1600x900
# categories:
---

**Responding to COVID-19**

At Violino Ristorante Italiano our first priority is the health and safety of our staff and guests. While health and safety standards are followed on a daily basis at our restaurant, we are taking additional measures to ensure everyone stays healthy during this uncertain time.

These additional safety measures will be followed:

* We are asking everyone in our Violino family (staff) that if they or anyone who lives with them has any signs or symptoms associated with the coronavirus (fever, respiratory illness) to get tested and to self-quarantine until test results are received. Prior to their return to work, they must provide us with documentation of a negative test result.

* Deep cleaning all surfaces; requiring our staff to increase the frequency of their hand washing; monitoring and sanitizing of our public spaces, including disinfecting menus after every use.

* For our Dine-In customers we will strive to space them out throughout the dining room to keep proper social distancing.

**NEW SERVICE**

We will also be providing carry out and curbside pick-up on Indian Alley (located behind the restaurant) with a 10% discount on all menu items.

We are constantly keeping ourselves up to date with the restaurant situation through our local government and will continue to stay open with normal hours unless or until mandated otherwise.

We will continue to update you on social media and our website as the situation improves. In the meantime, we will continue to serve the Winchester and surrounding community, offering the quality food and service you have come to expect from Violino.

*Grazie,*

Riccardo Stocco & Raffaella Cintron

Owners
